This is the second lesson of the Apache Spark streaming course.
This lesson covers Joins and JSON.
Let's look at the course overview.
You just learned about streaming DataFrames.
In this lesson, we'll become familiar with parsing
a JSON payload into separate fields for analysis,
joining two streaming DataFrames from different data sources,
and writing a streaming DataFrame to Kafka with aggregated data.
Upon completion of Lesson 2,
you should be able to successfully complete the following.
Parse a JSON payload into separate fields for analysis,
join two streaming DataFrames from different data sources,
and write a streaming DataFrame to Kafka with aggregated data.